Update Contributing docs (#4424)
aquasecurity/tracee: docs/contributing/overview.md

## Discussions

- We have the following discussion topics:
    1. [Announcements](https://github.com/aquasecurity/tracee/discussions/categories/announcements): One way communication from the team to the community. Consider this like our mini blog
    1. [Questions and Help](https://github.com/aquasecurity/tracee/discussions/categories/questions-and-help): For help and support. Consider this similar to StackOverflow.
    1. [Development](https://github.com/aquasecurity/tracee/discussions/categories/development): For discussing potential features, and collaborating on their design.

## Issues

1. Every issue needs to be actionable and assignable. Consider the scope of the issue if assigned to one person, and break down if necessary.
2. Be clear and definitive when composing issues.
   - For bug reports, include detailed error messages and environment description.
   - For features, include a clear scope and acceptance criteria.
3. We use the following labels to describe the type of issue:
    1. `area/...` like: `ebpf`, `events`
    2. `kind/...` like: `bug`, `chore`
    3. `milestone/...`
    4. `priority/...`
    5. `good-first-issue`
    6. `backported/...`

>     7. `cherry-picked/...`

Reviewer: These two above are used in PRs to main when they've already be accomplished and based on the approach took (simple cherry-pick or a more complicated backport). Meanwhile, they must be labelled as `candidate/vX.X.X`.

For instance, when pushing patch PRs (incorporating already candidate merged ones into the release branches), those specific PRs should be labelled with `backport` or `cherry-pick` as they are indeed. And after that merge, the original PRs should have the `candidate` label removed and, based on the required approach, to have set the respective label as `backported/vX.X.X` or `cherry-picked/vX.X.X`.

Author: I think I resolved this, please check and say your thoughts

## Issues

1. **Actionable and Assignable:** Every issue must be clear, actionable, and assignable to a specific person.  Break down large issues into smaller, more manageable tasks.
2. **Clear and Definitive Descriptions:** Be precise in your issue descriptions:
    - **Bug Reports:** Include the following:
        - Detailed steps to reproduce the bug.
        - The complete error message.
        - Your operating system, Tracee version, and any other relevant environment details.
    - **Feature Requests:** Define:
        - A clear scope for the feature.
        - Specific acceptance criteria that will be used to determine if the feature is complete.
3. **Issue Labels:** We use these labels to categorize and track issues:
    - `area/...` (e.g., `ebpf`, `events`): Specifies the area of Tracee affected by the issue.
    - `kind/...` (e.g., `bug`, `chore`, `enhancement`, `documentation`): Indicates the type of issue.
    - `milestone/...`: Specifies the target release for the issue.
    - `priority/...`:  Indicates the urgency of the issue.
    - `good-first-issue`:  Marks issues suitable for first-time contributors.

>     - `backported/...` (e.g., `backported/v0.1.2`): Use this label for PRs that backport changes from the `main` branch to a release branch (v0.1.2).

Reviewer: Add above backported:

- `candidate/...`: (e.g., `candidate/v0.1.2`)  Identifies PRs in the `main` branch as candidates for backporting or cherry-picking to a release branch (e.g., `v0.1.2`). The specific method will be determined during the porting process.

>     - `backported/...` (e.g., `backported/v0.1.2`): Use this label for PRs that backport changes from the `main` branch to a release branch (v0.1.2).
>     - `cherry-picked/...` (e.g., `cherry-picked/v0.1.2`): Use this label for PRs that cherry-pick commits from the `main` branch to a release branch (v0.1.2).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `backported/...` (e.g., `backported/v0.1.2`): Marks PRs in the `main` branch as the basis for backporting changes to a release branch (e.g., `v0.1.2`) after the porting process.
    - `cherry-picked/...` (e.g., `cherry-picked/v0.1.2`): Marks PRs in the `main` branch as the basis for cherry-picking commits to a release branch (e.g., `v0.1.2`) after the porting process.
```

4. **Issue Assignment:** Self-assign issues or request assignment. Don't work on an issue assigned to someone else without their consent.

**Backporting and Cherry-Picking Workflow:**

To backport or cherry-pick a change:

> 1. Create a new PR targeting the appropriate release branch.
> 2. Use the `backported/vX.X.X` or `cherry-picked/vX.X.X` label as appropriate.
> 3. Remove the `candidate/vX.X.X` label from the original PR in `main` after the backport/cherry-pick is merged.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a new PR targeting the appropriate release branch.
2. Label the new PR with `backport` or `cherry-pick`, depending on the method used.
3. Once the new PR is merged, remove the `candidate/vX.X.X` label from the original PR in `main`.
4. Finally, add the `backported/vX.X.X` or `cherry-picked/vX.X.X` label to the original PR in `main`, as appropriate.
```

    - `milestone/...`: Specifies the target release for the issue.
    - `priority/...`:  Indicates the urgency of the issue.
    - `good-first-issue`:  Marks issues suitable for first-time contributors.
    - `candidate/...`: (e.g., `candidate/v0.1.2`)  Identifies PRs in the `main` branch as candidates for backporting or cherry-picking to a release branch (e.g., `v0.1.2`). The specific method will be determined during the porting process.
    - `backported/...` (e.g., `backported/v0.1.2`): Marks PRs in the `main` branch as the basis for backporting changes to a release branch (e.g., `v0.1.2`) after the porting process.

>     - `cherry-picked/...` (e.g., `cherry-picked/v0.1.2`): Marks PRs in the `main` branch as the basis for cherry-picking commits to a release branch (e.g., `v0.1.2`) after the porting process.

Reviewer: If the goal is to list here the most used labels, `backport` and `cherry-pick` should be placed as well, explaining that they are only used in branch release PRs.

Author: I don't understand, they do appear

Author: I added them, can review it?

Reviewer: LGTM
